
[default]
open_url= I
tabopen_url= 
backopen= 
backopen_url= 
winopen= 
winopen_url= 
find_backward= ?
find_backward_ic= 
find_forward_ic= 
tab_hist_back= 
tab_hist_forward= 
win_hist_back= 
win_hist_forward= 
hints_background= 
hints_win= 
hints_links= 
hints_images_background= 
hints_url_tab= 
hints_url_background= 
hints_url= 
hints_primary= 
hints_rapid= 
hints_rapid_win= 
save_search_field= gs
tab_new= ga
bookmark= M
buffers= gt
cancel_download= ad
clear_tab= gc
only= co
close_tab= d
entry_escape= 
entry_confirm= 
entry_history_back= 
entry_history_forward= 
entry_delete_letter= 
entry_delete_line= 
entry_delete_line_end= 
entry_delete_word= 
entry_delete_word_forward= 
entry_word_back= 
entry_word_forward= 
complete_bookmarks= 
complete_history= 
complete_path= 
complete_searchengines= 
complete_userscript= 
allow_session_cookie_tmp= CT
allow_session_cookie= CS
allow_cookie= CC
download_set_execute= 
command_mode= :
execute_javascript= 
execute_userscript= ,eu
find_forward= /
find_next= n
find_previous= N
focus_input= 
focus_next= J
focus_tab= T
focus_prev= K
history_back= H
history_forward= L
insert_mode= i
show_keys= 
load_html= 
load_html_tab= 
lock_domain= 
lock_uri= 
tab_move_left= 
tab_move_right= 
tab_move= 
normal_mode= 
open_editor=Control e
quickmark= b
tab_quickmark= B
win_quickmark= 
start_page= 
web_inspector= wi
paste= pp
tab_paste= Pp
win_paste= 
paste_primary= 
win_paste_primary= 
tab_paste_primary= 
print= 
protect=Control P
quit=Control q
reload= r
reload_bypass_cache= R
reload_scripts=
reload_userscripts= ,er
save= sf
save_session= 
save_named_session= 
save_quickmark= m
scroll_down= j
scroll_right= l
scroll_left= h
scroll_page_down= 
scroll_page_up= 
scroll_halfpage_down=Control d
scroll_halfpage_up=Control u
scroll_bottom= G
scroll_top= gg
scroll_up= k
local_set= 
set= 
set_key= 
set_local_setting= 
set_setting= 
show_settings= 
show_bookmarks= 
show_downloads= 
show_quickmarks= Sq
show_history= 
stop_loading=Control s
toggle_local_setting= 
toggle_setting= 
toggle_plugins_host_tmp= pth
toggle_scripts_host= tsh
toggle_scripts_host_tmp= tth
toggle_scripts_uri= tsu
toggle_plugins_uri_tmp= ptu
toggle_scripts_uri_tmp= ttu
fullscreen= @F11@
toggle_hidden_files= g.
toggle_plugins_host= ph
toggle_plugins_uri= pu
presentation_mode= @F12@
proxy= 
visible= 
toggle_bars= xx
toggle_statusbar= xs
toggle_tabbar= xt
undo= u
view_source= gf
dump= 
yank_title= yt
yank_title_primary= 
yank= yy
yank_primary= 
zoom= =
zoom_in= +
zoom_out= -
bookmarks= gb
hints= f
hints_clipboard= ;y
hints_download= ;d
hints_editable= ;e
hints_images= ;i
new_tab= 
new_win= 
open= o
hints_tab= F
hints_images_tab= ;I
tab_bookmarks= gB
tabopen= O
win_bookmarks= 
sanitize= 
eval= 
download= gd
toggle_tab=Control @Tab@
group_show=as
group_tag=am
group_toggle=at
reload_bookmarks= 
reload_quickmarks= 
print_preview= 
